for this video I wanted to talk about a
couple of things that I covered in some
of my previous videos but I don't think
we're necessarily a hundred percent
clear and i also want to talk about a
new add-on that i'm using well i've been
using it for a while it's not really an
add-on it's called Leah tricks latency
fix I think everybody should be using
this unless it specifically interferes
with something that you do a lot oh well
the first thing that I wanted to get to
was a couple of videos ago I was talking
about Mac growing a silencing shot and
kill command to every one of your damage
dealing abilities I wanted to make sure
that people understood that you can't
put a silencing shot after steady shot
it only applies to steady shot because
the only thing with a cast you have to
put silencing shot and killed come in be
four steady shot or the silencing shot
is not going to cast until after the
steady shot and you lose silencing shots
that way so you want to put it like I'm
showing you right now you want to put
them before steady shot so when you're
going through your rotation it's going
to look something like this and if
you're using Omni cc or even probably
the standard Wow bars you're going to
get a timer on your steady shot but you
can still cast steady shot that's just
the that's just a cool-down of silencing
shot so you can see it says I can't cast
for another 15 seconds but I'm clearly
casting steady shot right now the other
thing I wanted to talk about was that
add-on let me just pull onto the screen
this is a website it's on Wow interface
is very easy you download it you know it
just basically hit next a bunch of times
they'll have you restart your computer
but what it does is I'm not going to go
into detail but it essentially takes out
step when the blizzard servers are
communicating with your computer and it
will significantly reduce your ms I'm on
the East Coast and this is a West Coast
server and my latency used to be around
300 may be a little higher a little over
but now I'm running at 133 ms so more
than fifty percent it's it's it's
definitely a lot of help and you'll see
your damage go up quite a bit um it can
interfere with a few abstract scripts
but most people aren't going to have to
worry about that and the last thing that
I wanted to address was I've been
floating around YouTube and noticing the
amount of similar video videos that
there are but there are a lot of bad
hunters doing those videos like hunters
that are marks gemming armor pen and
using arcane shot or you know SPECT with
you know to a tattoo go for the throat
you know these little things that are a
big waste and you should really look out
for that especially when you're you know
looking for stuff on YouTube anybody can
say whatever the hell they want ah but
that's about it for now subscribe if you
have any questions comment